Freshcode: max 600 chars 

3.2

Generated code for Linux iptables is highly optimized now. Deeply
nested chains are used to minimize the number of tests for each
checked packet. Support has been added for Cisco ASA devices as packet
filter, VPN gateway and for LAN-to-LAN IPSec tunnels. New option to
generate outgoing access lists has been added. Many other improvements
and bugfixes have been applied.


3.1

The rule set can be better adapted to stateful and stateless devices.
New "automatic" groups can be used for simpler definition of similar
rules which affect a large set of objects. Loopback interfaces and
negotiated interfaces are supported now. Support for Cisco VPN 3000
devices has been added, but currently isn't well documented. More
checks are done to prevent an inconsistent configuration. There are
many other improvements and some bugfixes.

3.0 
IPSec encryption is supported now. A new concept of areas was
introduced. An area denotes a part of the topology which is delimited
by a set of interfaces. The IP address and mask of networks may
alternatively be declared as an IP address and a prefix length. Some
network objects get an optional attribute "owner" which is used for
documentation purposes. Optimization has been improved by
automatically joining rules with adjacent port ranges. Netspoc now
runs on 64 bit systems.

2.6 
There was a bug in local optimization. Some deny rules could inadvertently be
marked as redundant, leading to missing ACLs for these rules in generated
code. This has been fixed. There was a second bug with automatically generated
rules at stateless packet filters. For TCP, reverse deny rules aren't
generated any longer.

2.5
PIX commands like "icmp" and "telnet", which filter traffic for the device
itself, are generated now. There was a syntax error with IOS routers when
applying an access-list to an interface. This has been fixed.

2.4
Support of redundancy protocols (VRRP, HSRP) has been enhanced. Other minor
improvements have been made.

2.3
Fixed a bug in internal handling of NAT. This could lead to missing
optimization of subnets and possibly to wrong code.

2.2 
'chains' of iptables and 'object-groups' of Cisco PIX are supported now. NAT
code for PIX ('static' and 'global') is supported for both
directions. Handling of NAT has generally enhanced to support dynamic
translation of multiple networks to a single address range. Optimization of
generated access control lists has been augmented by a local optimization step
for each router. Handling of subnets is improved to get better results from
optimization. Code for 'any' rules is now inserted at top of ACLs, following
deny rules.

2.1
The routing protocol EIGRP is supported. 

2.0
This release supports NAT and VRRP, generates code for Linux devices using
iptables, and has many other improvements. 

1.7
A bug where ACLs for secondary packet filters were too permissive for rules
having an interface of a full packet filter as source or destination were
fixed. 

1.6
Policies have been introduced. A policy is a named group of related rules,
which all refer to the same network objects in their source or
destination. The functionality of NetSPoC is available as a Perl module now.  

1.5
Secondary packet filters have been introduced. Support for loops and OSPF was
added. Some minor bugs have been fixed.  

1.4
Some valid configuration was rejected for certain combinations of services
with port ranges. Some traffic was rejected even if the traffic was explicitly
allowed by another rule. Both have been fixed.  

1.3
The source port may be specified for TCP and UDP services. Code generation for
stateless IOS routers has been changed. Answer packets for TCP and UDP
connections are no longer restricted to ports > 1023.  

1.2
This version adds support for stateless Cisco IOS routers. Interfaces of
managed devices are now automatically protected from unwanted access. Some
bugs with unnumbered interfaces were fixed.

1.1
This release fixes bugs with the pix security levels, with all interfaces
except inside and outside gotlevel 1. For rules with an 'any' object as dst,
too few deny rules were generated in some cases; this has been fixed, along
with a bug where routing entries were generated for disabled networks in some
cases. Hosts with successive IP addresses are now converted to ranges, and
duplicate ACL entries are no longer generated for rules with an 'any' object
as src or dst. Overlapping networks are now rejected unless declared
explicitly. Rules with an 'any' object both as src and dst any aren't accepted
any longer.
